Medallia allows organizations to
understand customer Journeys detect
patterns and predict Behavior with our
machine learning and Ai and to transform
experiences all at scale to drive
significant return on investment
organizations can capture experience
signals through a myriad of channels at
a multitude of touch points of both
structured and unstructured data
organizations get a 360 view of
customers in Medallia experience Cloud
by combining experience signals with
data from established systems like
Salesforce Marketo Adobe workday Erp or
most internal systems
Frontline employees can see their
individual satisfaction scores submit
ideas about the business and respond
directly to customer alerts via email or
by phone all within Medallia mobile
Frontline dashboards allow employees to
see their scores at a moment over time
compared to others and to quickly and
easily respond to customers
[Music]
people or area managers see their
specific business without setting
complicated filters or digging through
data they can respond to customer alerts
to resolve issues Medallia Athena our AI
layer serves up areas to improve and
comparisons to other stores they can see
how their team is performing who are
standout performers and who could use
coaching
Executives see an overview of the entire
business at a moment and over time to
help Drive decision making insights and
impact are bubbled up by Medallia Athena
to be easy to view and understand
Executives love Medallia voices a mobile
application that serves selected
customer feedback Executives can send
compliments or bring attention to
necessary Corrections CX professionals
see scores across an entire customer
journey to track Satisfaction by touch
point they can help improve experiences
with suggested actions and experiences
drivers determined by Medallia Athena
can understand how themes and topics
impact satisfaction through Medallia
text analytics and theme Explorer which
uses natural language processing
sentiment analysis and deep learning to
discover themes
determine sentiment and provide
impactful insights
they can a B test initiatives understand
the health of their programs Deep dive
into specific topics and much more CX
program managers know the right data is
going to the right people as Medallia
experience Cloud dynamically models
organization to match their continually
evolving structure with orgsync a
differentiator from Medallion and to
make sure systemic problems get solved
employees can submit internal feedback
when closing a case tracking issues to
determine and fix root causes or general
business suggestions
they can also tap into existing systems
and workflows like workplace by Facebook
Salesforce slack workday and others to
share information or escalate cases
with Medallia employees from Executives
to the front line can see feedback
understand satisfaction across an entire
journey and their empowered to take
impactful action they can respond to
experience gaps or take proactive action
to create in the moment cross-sell and
upsell opportunities and deliver
extraordinary experiences
[Music]